hey everybody this is cameron out my
livestream at ustream TV as you see our
community is saying hey youtube to you
guys join us it's like I'd say 1 million
times better than YouTube I just have to
say that you have to use ustream it's
like the best thing in the world um see
you later our test because you get to
talk to me and I want to show you guys
that I Michael Jackson signed by all
five so i just want to show you guys
that that's a big part and we're going
to do a really cool trick today it
involves everyone on YouTube okay what
I'm going to do is I have two little
packets of cards okay each one contains
10 cards and we're going to play around
with it a little you'll see what I mean
so let's get it down here and let's do
it Thank You mr. trickster sorry about
this view but I'm just testing this
place out so we're going to take the two
piles let's count out this one first so
first I'll is closing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 so 10 cards are in this pack I'm
going to keep this insight the whole
entire trick next we have in this pack
10 cards if you guys can count that one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten okay so 10 in this pile ton in this
file I'm going to keep everything in
full sight this whole entire trick
except this because it has nothing and
it's no use um what I want you guys to
do in the community do not say your card
but think about it okay you can think of
any card in this pack but not the ACE
don't say your card out loud but YouTube
to think of a card but don't say it out
loud how well youtube doesn't have to so
any of these 10 cards three two one okay
so um
sorry um once you got a card down we are
going to do something extraordinary with
this time so remember to think about
your card it's going to go right through
the video watches one card has
disappeared from this 10-part cards one
two three four five six seven eight nine
nine cards are in this deck now so weird
because one car disappeared you guys
don't say anything in the screen okay
next like you can say stuff but don't
say your heart watch and now you have
this in full sight watch we're going to
count out 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 oh and
if you guys hear that bird in the
background that's my cockatiel so one
card has transferred into this deck and
you see your card the one card has
transferred into this deck that is a
really cool card trick it's so easy but
I think I have to keep this one to
myself I can't do a tutorial on this one
so it's a such a cool card trick um I'm
going to show only on my stream so you
have to you have to come from stream to
figure out that trick so come on
tuesdays at 2 30 25 to 32 3 p.m. pacific
standard time so i'll see you guys later
thought was my trick for today and i'll
talk to you guys soon see you guys later